gNMI-1.14 TestPlan: OpenConfig metadata consistency during large config push (#2152)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/system/gnmi/metadata/tests/lagre_set_consistency_test/README.md

  *  /interfaces/
  *  /network-instances/
  *  /qos/
  *  /system/
  *  /routing-policy/
  *  /components/
  *  /sampling/
  *  /lldp/
  *  /lacp/
  *  /protobuf-metadata
* Push 1st_LARGE_CONFIGURATION and wait for SetResponce that confirm push was sucesfull.
* DubbscribeRequest once for configuration root-level metadata and verify that it is identical corresponding root-level metadata of 1st_LARGE_CONFIGURATION.
* For REQUEST of type (GetRequest, SubscribeRequest, CapabilityRequest)
  * Repeat sending rapidly subsequent REQUEST requests for configuration root-level metadata (GetRequest, SubscribeRequest).
  * While above REQUESTS are send, push SetRequest replace with 2nd_LARGE_CONFIGURATION.
  * After SetResponse is recived confirming sucesfull push of 2nd_LARGE_CONFIGURATION:
    * stop sending REQUEST requests
    * wait 5 seconds
    * SubscribeRequest once for configuration root-level metadata and verify that it is identical corresponding root-level metadata of 2nd_LARGE_CONFIGURATION.

## Configuration path coverage

> * /config/protobuf-metadata

Reviewer: I think the syntax for specifying should be `/@/openconfig-metadata:protobuf-metadata` to indicate that the root path has an 'annotation'.
ref: https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/5c2be080db121b560178bb214a41983f75e77480/feature/system/gnmi/metadata/tests/annotation_test/README.md

Author: done

# gNMI-1.14 OpenConfig metadata consistency during large config push

## Summary

> This test verify if OpenConfig metadata leaf at root is updated according to pushed config and not reverted or otherway modified if any rapid, concurrent non-write requests are served while setRequest is in process and SetResponce is not recived yet.

Reviewer 2: otherwise?

## Topology
dut.testbed

## Procedure

* prepare 2 large OpenConfig configurations that only differs in root-level netadata/annotation - 1st_LARGE_CONFIGURATION and 2nd_LARGE_CONFIGURATION. Configuration should exercise following branches of Openconfig:
  *  /interfaces/
  *  /network-instances/
  *  /qos/
  *  /system/
  *  /routing-policy/
  *  /components/
  *  /sampling/
  *  /lldp/
  *  /lacp/
  *  /protobuf-metadata
* Push 1st_LARGE_CONFIGURATION and wait for SetResponce that confirm push was sucesfull.

> * DubbscribeRequest once for configuration root-level metadata and verify that it is identical corresponding root-level metadata of 1st_LARGE_CONFIGURATION.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Send subscribe `ONCE` for configuration root-level metadata and verify that it is identical corresponding root-level metadata of 1st_LARGE_CONFIGURATION.
```

* For REQUEST of type (GetRequest, SubscribeRequest, CapabilityRequest)
  * Repeat sending rapidly subsequent REQUEST requests for configuration root-level metadata (GetRequest, SubscribeRequest).
  * While above REQUESTS are send, push SetRequest replace with 2nd_LARGE_CONFIGURATION.
  * After SetResponse is recived confirming sucesfull push of 2nd_LARGE_CONFIGURATION:
    * stop sending REQUEST requests
    * wait 5 seconds
    * SubscribeRequest once for configuration root-level metadata and verify that it is identical corresponding root-level metadata of 2nd_LARGE_CONFIGURATION.

## Configuration path coverage
* /@/openconfig-metadata:protobuf-metadata

> Note: WBB implementations need not support this annotation at paths deeper than the root (i.e., a configuration that contains openconfig-metadata:protobuf-metadata at any level other than under the root can be rejected). The WBB device implementation can map this to an internal path to store the configuration.

## Telemetry path coverage
* /@/openconfig-metadata:protobuf-metadata

## Minimum DUT platform

> FFF

Reviewer 2: Why to vRX?

Reviewer 2: Okay, this is already discussed. Didnt realize

> FFF

Reviewer: Is it possible that vRX is all that is needed?  Or is there evidence that hardware should be used?

Author: Some control-plane performance/race-condition could be at play here. With vRx we do not really know what control-plane CPU is. I think FFF is good middle-ground.
